hello ladies and gentlemen the time has
finally come for me to show off my trade
binder first of all I want to say that
this is only my ultra rare trait binder
I don't have one for anything less than
he acts as stuff like that so if you
want Hallows from furious fists or
something I have plenty of duplicates
you're just gonna have to ask me for
specific ones so let me see if I have
enough for trade and stuff like that but
I have plenty of duplicates from furious
fists I'll like I'll tell you that right
now and of course plenty plenty of
commas and comments so this is how it
works if you see something you like and
you have an offer do not leave a comment
on this video and because my messages
are really screwing up right now don't
send me a private message if you want to
do anything with me trades or sales then
please send me an email at school
surgical TCG at gmail.com
that's my email if you have trouble
spelling that just copy and paste my
name it's the same as my youtube name at
gmail.com yeah and as I Ray hinted if
there's something in here you like but
you you don't have anything to offer to
trade then I'm always willing to sell I
currently only accept money through
PayPal my mail is really screwy so I
don't really trust you guys to send me
mail or money through the mail it's not
you it's my mail service so it's really
only through PayPal unfortunately I'm
sorry if that just doesn't work for some
of you guys but that's that's really all
I can safely do anyway let's get into it
let's see I don't think I forgot
anything
I will say this unfortunately I went to
leak once already since the case opening
so out of all the duplicates we got
after me and sad as they put cards in
our collections and then took whatever
cars were left
this is the last duplicate it's a mega
lucario e^x it's not the secret rarest
just regular it is for trade or sale
though so if you have an offer then send
me an email please with your offer and
please try to make it fair don't say
I'll trade you a helioptile for this
mega lucario e^x that's just not fair to
me you know if you if you want an idea
of how much these cars are worth go to
ebay search Buy It Now price plus
shipping lowest highest and that'll give
you a pretty good idea the first result
is almost always about what these cars
are worth so let's sit let's get through
the rest of the binder the binders chock
full of cards here of course have mega
lucario and then I cited the other two
makers I have I put on this page as well
mega blast away CX and make a Kings
County X and they are all in sleeves
everything you see here is in a sleeve
so they're all in Jim mint condition
most of them if if any are not then I'll
be sure to mention it in the video so
what we have is a lugia e x from plasma
storm law deeossie x from plasma freeze
tornado CX from plasma freeze and kuromi
x from legendary treasures again all in
wonderful sleeves and then we just have
more regular X's here venusaur e^x and
blastwave ZX and xerneas e^x from XY and
here I have some level X's actually I
have to Arceus level X's from the
Platinum Arceus set this one's number 95
and this one's number 94 and this is
Giratina level X from the Platinum set
so those are my spare level X's the
sleeves may be a little damage but I
assure you the cars themselves are
pretty good near-mint mint or Jimin and
then here of course they got two primes
for alligator Prime from heartgold
SoulSilver and Celebi prime from HS
triumphant and we have the radiant
collection full arts here mu e^x and
shame any ex full art and then here the
binder just flips over so I decided to
sort them like this and I here are my
English parts that I have for trade
Articuno ex full art from plasma storm
deoxys the ex full art from plasma
freeze Jirachi e ex full art from plasma
blast and venusaur ex4 from XY and here
are my secret rares this is the shiny
Altaria from boundaries crossed this is
a mega Charizard e^x secret rare from
flash fire now
I would prefer to only trade for the
mega lucario secret rare from sorry from
furious fists so that will that that's
what I will ask for for now only that if
if I get no offers after a month then
I'll consider other stuff but please
don't send me messages about about this
unless you want to offer maybe like 10 e
axes or something which I seriously
doubt you guys would do it cigarette
cars
that's just simpler trade for plus it's
the one that I need plus I think that's
fair
say what you want but that's only what
I'm asking for for that for now and then
this is a reprint electabuzz from the
Platinum said as you can see there it's
number 120 of 127 and that is a shining
gear dose from heartgold SoulSilver this
however is a card that has some damage
to it I still call it excellent to near
mint but yeah it's just just a little
damage not too significant though and I
haven't touched it since I got it so
it's it's pretty good and here are my
four Japanese cars for trade and this
will round out my my trade binder that's
the Charizard II X from wild blaze that
is a full art venusaur e x from
collection X that's a full art Skarmory
X from collection X and that is a floor
Magnezone from wild place so that does
it and these two cards are they're part
of another trader they're just in here
until that person's trade actually comes
through if it doesn't come through in
the month then I'll message them ask if
they set the cards if they don't respond
then those will be up for tray but I'd
rather not show them off now for obvious
reasons so that's my trade binder again
if you see something you like then
please send me a email skull sure Google
TCG gmail comm with an offer and that'll
probably be it for this video thanks I'm
around for watching and remember I also
have pyrius fist hollows so if you want
to inquire about that feel free that
does it huh that finally does it for
this video thanks off everyone for
watching and stay tuned for more